README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">OpenAI Codex CLI</h1>

<p align="center"><code>npm i -g @openai/codex</code><br />or <code>brew install codex</code></p>

<p align="center"><strong>Codex CLI</strong> is a coding agent from OpenAI that runs locally on your computer.
</br>
</br>If you want Codex in your code editor (VS Code, Cursor, Windsurf), <a href="https://developers.openai.com/codex/ide">install in your IDE</a>
</br>If you are looking for the <em>cloud-based agent</em> from OpenAI, <strong>Codex Web</strong>, go to <a href="https://chatgpt.com/codex">chatgpt.com/codex</a></p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/codex-cli-splash.png" alt="Codex CLI splash" width="80%" />
  </p>

---

## Quickstart

### Installing and running Codex CLI

Install globally with your preferred package manager. If you use npm:

```shell
npm install -g @openai/codex
```

Alternatively, if you use Homebrew:

```shell
brew install codex
```

Then simply run `codex` to get started:

```shell
codex
```

<details>
<summary>You can also go to the <a href="https://github.com/openai/codex/releases/latest">latest GitHub Release</a> and download the appropriate binary for your platform.</summary>

Each GitHub Release contains many executables, but in practice, you likely want one of these:

- macOS
  - Apple Silicon/arm64: `codex-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
  - x86_64 (older Mac hardware): `codex-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
- Linux
  - x86_64: `codex-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl.tar.gz`
  - arm64: `codex-aarch64-unknown-linux-musl.tar.gz`

Each archive contains a single entry with the platform baked into the name (e.g., `codex-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl`), so you likely want to rename it to `codex` after extracting it.

</details>

### Using Codex with your ChatGPT plan

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/codex-cli-login.png" alt="Codex CLI login" width="80%" />
  </p>

Run `codex` and select **Sign in with ChatGPT**. We recommend signing into your ChatGPT account to use Codex as part of your Plus, Pro, Team, Edu, or Enterprise plan. [Learn more about what's included in your ChatGPT plan](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/11369540-codex-in-chatgpt).

You can also use Codex with an API key, but this requires [additional setup](./docs/authentication.md#usage-based-billing-alternative-use-an-openai-api-key). If you previously used an API key for usage-based billing, see the [migration steps](./docs/authentication.md#migrating-from-usage-based-billing-api-key). If you're having trouble with login, please comment on [this issue](https://github.com/openai/codex/issues/1243).

### Model Context Protocol (MCP)

Codex CLI supports [MCP servers](./docs/advanced.md#model-context-protocol-mcp). Enable by adding an `mcp_servers` section to your `~/.codex/config.toml`.


### Configuration

Codex CLI supports a rich set of configuration options, with preferences stored in `~/.codex/config.toml`. For full configuration options, see [Configuration](./docs/config.md).

---

### Docs & FAQ

- [**Getting started**](./docs/getting-started.md)
  - [CLI usage](./docs/getting-started.md#cli-usage)
  - [Running with a prompt as input](./docs/getting-started.md#running-with-a-prompt-as-input)
  - [Example prompts](./docs/getting-started.md#example-prompts)
  - [Memory with AGENTS.md](./docs/getting-started.md#memory-with-agentsmd)
  - [Configuration](./docs/config.md)
- [**Sandbox & approvals**](./docs/sandbox.md)
- [**Authentication**](./docs/authentication.md)
  - [Auth methods](./docs/authentication.md#forcing-a-specific-auth-method-advanced)
  - [Login on a "Headless" machine](./docs/authentication.md#connecting-on-a-headless-machine)
- [**Advanced**](./docs/advanced.md)
  - [Non-interactive / CI mode](./docs/advanced.md#non-interactive--ci-mode)
  - [Tracing / verbose logging](./docs/advanced.md#tracing--verbose-logging)
  - [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](./docs/advanced.md#model-context-protocol-mcp)
- [**Zero data retention (ZDR)**](./docs/zdr.md)
- [**Contributing**](./docs/contributing.md)
- [**Install & build**](./docs/install.md)
  - [System Requirements](./docs/install.md#system-requirements)
  - [DotSlash](./docs/install.md#dotslash)
  - [Build from source](./docs/install.md#build-from-source)
- [**FAQ**](./docs/faq.md)
- [**Open source fund**](./docs/open-source-fund.md)

---

## License

This repository is licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add macOS installer and chrome MCP preset

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">OpenAI Codex CLI</h1>

<p align="center"><code>npm i -g @openai/codex</code><br />or <code>brew install codex</code></p>

<p align="center"><strong>Codex CLI</strong> is a coding agent from OpenAI that runs locally on your computer.
</br>
</br>If you want Codex in your code editor (VS Code, Cursor, Windsurf), <a href="https://developers.openai.com/codex/ide">install in your IDE</a>
</br>If you are looking for the <em>cloud-based agent</em> from OpenAI, <strong>Codex Web</strong>, go to <a href="https://chatgpt.com/codex">chatgpt.com/codex</a></p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/codex-cli-splash.png" alt="Codex CLI splash" width="80%" />
  </p>

---

## Quickstart

### Installing and running Codex CLI

Install globally with your preferred package manager. If you use npm:

```shell
npm install -g @openai/codex
```

Alternatively, if you use Homebrew:

```shell
brew install codex
```

Then simply run `codex` to get started:

```shell
codex
```

<details>
<summary>You can also go to the <a href="https://github.com/openai/codex/releases/latest">latest GitHub Release</a> and download the appropriate binary for your platform.</summary>

Each GitHub Release contains many executables, but in practice, you likely want one of these:

- macOS
  - Apple Silicon/arm64: `codex-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
  - x86_64 (older Mac hardware): `codex-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.gz`
- Linux
  - x86_64: `codex-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl.tar.gz`
  - arm64: `codex-aarch64-unknown-linux-musl.tar.gz`

Each archive contains a single entry with the platform baked into the name (e.g., `codex-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl`), so you likely want to rename it to `codex` after extracting it.

</details>


### macOS auto-install (kysion build)

To install this repository's enhanced Codex CLI (with built-in `chrome-devtools-mcp@latest` preset) on macOS, run:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kysion/codex/main/scripts/install_codex.sh)"
```

The installer will:
- ensure `node`, `npm`, `npx`, and `python3` are available (installing them via Homebrew if needed);
- download or build the latest `codex` binary from this repository;
- prompt for the browser to drive (`chrome` by default, or `edge`/custom) and update `~/.codex/config.toml` accordingly;
- optionally capture `OPENAI_BASE_URL` / `OPENAI_API_KEY` into `~/.codex/env.sh` so you can `source` it later.

After the script finishes, you can refresh your shell environment (if you saved env vars) and verify MCP tooling, e.g.:

```bash
source ~/.codex/env.sh   # 如配置了 env.sh
codex --sandbox danger-full-access exec "请使用 chrome_devtools 工具打开 https://www.baidu.com 并截取整页截图。"
```

如果需要回滚，可运行 `scripts/restore_codex.sh` 选择备份恢复旧版本。

### Using Codex with your ChatGPT plan

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/codex-cli-login.png" alt="Codex CLI login" width="80%" />
  </p>

Run `codex` and select **Sign in with ChatGPT**. We recommend signing into your ChatGPT account to use Codex as part of your Plus, Pro, Team, Edu, or Enterprise plan. [Learn more about what's included in your ChatGPT plan](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/11369540-codex-in-chatgpt).

You can also use Codex with an API key, but this requires [additional setup](./docs/authentication.md#usage-based-billing-alternative-use-an-openai-api-key). If you previously used an API key for usage-based billing, see the [migration steps](./docs/authentication.md#migrating-from-usage-based-billing-api-key). If you're having trouble with login, please comment on [this issue](https://github.com/openai/codex/issues/1243).

### Model Context Protocol (MCP)

Codex CLI supports [MCP servers](./docs/advanced.md#model-context-protocol-mcp). Enable by adding an `mcp_servers` section to your `~/.codex/config.toml`.


### Configuration

Codex CLI supports a rich set of configuration options, with preferences stored in `~/.codex/config.toml`. For full configuration options, see [Configuration](./docs/config.md).

---

### Docs & FAQ

- [**Getting started**](./docs/getting-started.md)
  - [CLI usage](./docs/getting-started.md#cli-usage)
  - [Running with a prompt as input](./docs/getting-started.md#running-with-a-prompt-as-input)
  - [Example prompts](./docs/getting-started.md#example-prompts)
  - [Memory with AGENTS.md](./docs/getting-started.md#memory-with-agentsmd)
  - [Configuration](./docs/config.md)
- [**Sandbox & approvals**](./docs/sandbox.md)
- [**Authentication**](./docs/authentication.md)
  - [Auth methods](./docs/authentication.md#forcing-a-specific-auth-method-advanced)
  - [Login on a "Headless" machine](./docs/authentication.md#connecting-on-a-headless-machine)
- [**Advanced**](./docs/advanced.md)
  - [Non-interactive / CI mode](./docs/advanced.md#non-interactive--ci-mode)
  - [Tracing / verbose logging](./docs/advanced.md#tracing--verbose-logging)
  - [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](./docs/advanced.md#model-context-protocol-mcp)
- [**Zero data retention (ZDR)**](./docs/zdr.md)
- [**Contributing**](./docs/contributing.md)
- [**Install & build**](./docs/install.md)
  - [System Requirements](./docs/install.md#system-requirements)
  - [DotSlash](./docs/install.md#dotslash)
  - [Build from source](./docs/install.md#build-from-source)
- [**FAQ**](./docs/faq.md)
- [**Open source fund**](./docs/open-source-fund.md)

---

## License

This repository is licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](LICENSE).
